#summary The entire codebase needs to be re-written. This here is the plan.

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

= Introduction =

Job Manager was first written around the time of !WordPress 2.8/2.9, and makes extensive use of features that weren't yet fully formed. As one of my earliest plugins, it also contains much gode that is written using sub-optimal methods, or just plain ugly hacks.

This plan involves the following:
  * Re-create current functionality, though there may be parts that are deprecated.
  * Roll in the features currently slated for version 0.8.

As this is a fairly large milestone, I've decided to bump the version number to 1.0.

All code shall follow the [http://codex.wordpress.org/WordPress_Coding_Standards WordPress Coding Standard].

= Current Functionality =

This is an in-depth look at the current functionality of Job Manager, including what needs to be kept, improved or discarded.

== Settings ==

=== Admin Settings ===

Admin Settings will probably need significant work in order to work with the planned multi-user functionality. 

*Categories* may need to be moved to their own page. Hierarchical Categories (Issue #112) make this a necessity.

I'm not sure what to do with *Icons*, yet. At the moment, they're stored as Media, which means they show up in the media list. This is obviously bad. We may be able to handle the uploads ourselves, depending on how nicely that plays with !WordPress.com.

*User Settings* will change with multi-user, probably the same with *Application Email Settings*.

*Interview Settings* will probably remain unchanged.

Currently undecided about *Other Plugins*. I'm inclined to just silently support _Google XML Sitemaps_ (if it still needs support effort once we fix up our Custom Post Type support), and drop _SI Captcha_, because it's horrible.

*Uninstall Settings* may be expanded, but there's no immediate need.

=== Display Settings ===

The *Display Settings* box can stay, except for _Date Format_, which should really use the !WordPress date format.

*Job List Sorting* is apparently buggy, so this will need investigating.

I'm quite proud of *Job Templates* and *Application Form Template*, though there's no denying they're quite complex, and intimidating to the new user. I'm not sure how to fix this without making them less powerful.

*Miscellaneous Text* feels kind of kludgy, but I'm not sure how to replace it.

*Page Text* is a hack that needs to go. Perhaps in the upgrade process, wo should offer to migrate the text to the appropriate template.

=== App. Form Settings ===

Similar to the Templates pages from *Display Settings*, this is really powerful, but really confusing.

The _Show this field in the Application List?_ option needs to go away, it can be replaced with in the _Screen Options_ tab on the actual application list page, using the [http://yoast.com/custom-post-type-snippets/ Custom Column] functionality.

Contextual help would be a really good idea, especially for explaining how filters work.

=== Job Form Settings ===

Same kind of thing as *App. Form Settings* - remove _Show this field in the Admin Job List?_, add contextual help. 