#summary Instructions for upgrading 0.3.x or earlier

= Introduction =

In Job Manager 0.4.0, there were signification changes made to how data is stored. As such, you should take particular care when upgrading.

= Before Upgrading =

  * *!WordPress 2.9 or higher is a requirement*
  As part of JM 0.4.0, the entire data storage has been re-written to use only the !WordPress default tables. In order to do this, the comment meta functionality was needed, which was introduced in !WordPress 2.9.
  * *Test before upgrading production*
  As mentioned, significant changes have been made to the data storage. Similar changes have been made to the plugin settings, leaving virtually no data untouched. In order to make sure there are no problems with your !WordPress/Job Manager installation, please test the upgrade before doing it in your production environment.
  * *Backup before you upgrade*
  In order to safeguard against potential data loss, you should perform a full database backup before upgrading.
  * *Jobs are now stored as pages*
  JM now stores everything as pages in your database. If you have a page that uses the same slug as JM, it is strongly recommended that you change one of them before upgrading. JM will take control of this page during the upgrade process.

= Feature Changes =
  * *Categories*
  You will notice in the Job Manager Settings that there is no longer a section for editing categories. JM has moved to using !WordPress' built-in category functionality. This does mean, however, that we no longer send emails by category. Instead, they're sent to the user who created the job. For existing jobs and for applications that aren't associated with jobs, this defaults to the admin email.